{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f182\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f183\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f185\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f186\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f187\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f188\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f189\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f190\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}
{\f223\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}{\f225\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f226\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f227\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}
{\f228\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}{\f229\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}{\f230\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2163022\rsid16397775}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.8134;}{\info{\operator student}{\creatim\yr2008\mo4\dy28\hr18\min24}{\revtim\yr2008\mo4\dy28\hr18\min30}{\version3}{\edmins6}{\nofpages3}
{\nofwords769}{\nofchars4385}{\nofcharsws5144}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot16397775 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid2163022\charrsid16397775 
\par -----------  ParPoPro 1.2.5--------------
\par 
\par This is a first introduction to the Parallel Point Processes (ParPoPro) toolbox. I mean only to give the most important information and warnings here in order to use the toolbox. 
\par 0. Start MatLab 
\par 
\par 1. You have to include all of the folders in your MatLab path
\par 
\par 2. The GUI is started by typing "ParPoPro" in the command line.
\par 
\par 3. SAVING FILES: If you press any save-button (save parameter file / save data), the respective information will be saved to the
 working directory with the name specified in the corresponding line WITHOUT ASKING IF IT OVERRIDES EXISTING FILES!!! This has still to be corrected for...
\par 
\par 4. RATE FILE. The rate file has to be an ascii-array containing numbers.
\par \tab - For stationary processes (Stationary Poisson or Gamma), the rate file needs \tab    to be a column-vector, the k-th entry being the rate of the k-th process. \tab Therefore, size(Rate,1) has to be 1 (all processes have the same rate) or it \tab 
has to coincide with the number of processes to simulate.
\par \tab - For nonstationary Poisson processes, it has to be a row-vector or a matrix. If \tab it is a row vector, each process will be simulated with the rate profile specified \tab 
in the rate file. If it is a matrix, the k-th column will be taken to be the rate \tab profile of the kth process. It has to be given in a resolution of 1 ms. Therefore, \tab size(Rate,1) has to be 1 (all processes have the same rate) or it has to \tab 
coincide with the number of processes to simulate and size(Rate,2) has to \tab coincide with the time duration in ms.
\par There are three ratefiles strored in the folder Data, the number after the N standing for the number of columns of the corresponding file 
\par SEE help pp_PoissonData, or help pp_GammaData
\par 
\par 4. Some Parameters are necessary and need to be set in order to start the simulation, others are not. Optional are the Output Time Settings, Offset and Start Of Experiment. I still need to think about how to make this visible in the gui...
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par % Browse button issue under Linux:%   If a browse button open
s a dialog box but is unable to select a certain%   file by displaying the error message "File does not exist", the user%   has to execute the command "unset LANG" in the shell prompt before %   launching MATLAB. Certainly the alternatives could be to put
 this %   command to the MATLAB startup script or e.g. the .bashrc file. For %   details, please consult:%%   http://www.mathworks.com/support/solutions/data/1-VD2UO.html%% -- Jie Bao, Apr 12 2007HISTORY:  \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab 12/02/06 - allow to save data in different formats by specifying the suffix
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab - Choose units of PSTH/Population Histogram
\par \tab \tab \tab 14/02/06 - use  pp_PoissonData.m to generate both stationary and nonstationary Processes
\par \tab \tab \tab 17/02/06 - Changed ppgui_GenerateData to pp_GenerateData and altered it's documentation 
\par \tab \tab \tab 21/02/06 - Altered  pp_GenerateData's documentation and checked in pp_PoissonData for empty gdf's
\par \tab \tab \tab 28.2.06 -  Corrected Antonios Bug\tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab 31.2.06 - Included the ISI-Display-Unit in the gui and in pp_ISIHistograms.m 
\par \tab \tab \tab 01.03.06 - Improved the speed of pp_PoissonData
\par \tab \tab \tab 02.03.06 - Removed extra Rate-File Buton
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab - Included optional unit of Complexity Distribution 
\par \tab \tab \tab 24.04.06 - Corrected Bug in pp_PoissonData\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname State}}Berlin{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, 2.3.06
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid16397775\charrsid16397775 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid2163022 ===== MDS files ======}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid16397775 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid2163022\charrsid16397775 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16397775 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid16397775 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid16397775\charrsid16397775 
n the generation of the multidimensional scaling plot, the time-limiting step
\par is the calculation of the inner-product matrix. For such a matrix of the 
\par dimension 250x250, which are composed of simulations from 10 Hz to 100 Hz and 
\par up to 1 s, it could take about 4-5 hrs to finish the program.
\par 
\par First, the user has to calculate the square matrix of inner products, this is
\par done by executing the script runRamp, which in turn calls the function 
\par getSimilarityWithKernel. Parameterization can be directly done in the runRamp
\par script. Having finished this, which normally gives the user a matrix called
\par normB(resp. rawB) with normalized(resp. unnormalized) inner products, the user
\par can now call the function scaling to generate a 2-D or 3-D plot. The 
\par multidimensional scaling for the deterministic rate profile is obtained by 
\par executing the script scalingForProfile.
\par 
\par 
\par == M-file list ==
\par * key functions: 
\par     getSimilarityWithKernel.m    
\par     runRamp.m
\par     scaling.m   
\par     scalingForProfile.m
\par 
\par * functions mainly used to generate plots: 
\par     plotCenter.m   
\par     plotCluster.m
\par     plotISI.m
\par     plotKernelExample.m
\par     plotTrains.m
\par     scaling4in1.m
\par     showSim.m
\par                                            
\par * obsolete functions(not used for ramp profile scaling, but could be of 
\par   interest in the future): 
\par     DistMatrix.m
\par     compareExpAndGauss.m
\par     compareKernels.m
\par     gauss.m
\par     getEuclideanDistance.m
\par     kMeansCluster.m
\par     modulatedPoisson.m
\par     myClustering.m
\par     myScript.m
\par     runDifferentFrequency.m
\par     
\par 
\par == Disclaimer ==
\par Please keep in mind that right now all the functions concerning 
\par multidimensional scaling are hard-coded, i.e., in order to extend the 
\par functionality or to be integrated into the FIND toolbox, certain modifications
\par are necessary, e.g., all the parameterizable variables are to be dump into one
\par struct as the argument for the function.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\insrsid16397775\charrsid16397775 
\par }}